[Music]
it's not a war if you never
agree to play
[Music]
and we know
for your care we're going to put you
back in with a home there's a family
that's
no way you can make me go back to this
it's different
[Music]
so you pitch in or you leave what are
you doing go back to sleep
all the windows are nailed shut
why are you calling me are you crazy you
really think your boyfriend's coming
back for you
there's a hundred girls just like you
time is money let's go let's go
soon he's got you stealing then he's got
your selling
before you know you're 18 to intent to
life this man is dangerous
he's a criminal and if you agree to
testify we can put him away for a long
time
but you got to give us something i
trusted you
so you keep your mouth shut and don't
you ever call me
again
you